update documentation (#46)
snabble/docs: api_checkout.md

### Cart

> A shopping cart within a request from a client may look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> A shopping cart within a request from a client may look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| Parameter     | Type     | Description                                                          |
|---------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `session`     | `string` | Current session ID                                                   |

> | `shopID`      | `string` | ID of the shop where the client is in                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `shopID`      | `string` | ID of the shop                                |
```

> | `items`       | `array`  | Array of scanned items                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `items`       | `CatItem[]`  | Array of cart items                                               |
```

| `customer`    | `object`     | Contains further information to the customer, e.g.loyaltyCard number |

> A cart item may contain the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A cart item may contains following properties:
```

### Cart

> A shopping cart within a request from a client. Items may contain the following information:

Reviewer: Hier sollte noch die Struktur des `Cart` Objekts beschrieben werden.

| `price`       | `int`    | 0       | Price of the product in case of an encoded price                     |
| `scannedCode` | `string` |         | Scanned code                                                         |

> The properties `weight`, `units` and `price` are only considered if the referenced products is of a specific type.

Reviewer: Der Satz is redundant zur Dokumentation in L47.

| `price`            | `Price`           |         | Price of the checkout                                          |
| `currency`         | `string`          |         | Currency of the project                                        |

#### Structured errors

> The api has a structured errors object for possible cart item and shop errors. The structured error object looks like this:

Reviewer: Das sollten wir in das api_general.md verschieben und hier nur die Checkout spezifischen Codes beschreiben.

> | Property              | Description                              |

Reviewer: Hier sollten die Datentypen auch dokumentiert werden.

|-----------------------|------------------------------------------|
| type                  | [error type](#error-types)               |
| message               | error message                            |

> | details               | further details                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `details` | `Error[]` | Error details |```

> ##### Error Types

Reviewer: Wir sollten die Dokumentation zu den Requests verschieben, bei denen diese auftreten können.

> | Type              | Description                                                                                                     | Message                    |

Reviewer: Die Message brauchen wir nicht dokumentieren. Dann können wir sie einfach ändern.

|---------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|

> | `shop_not_found`    | if shop does not exists                                                                                         | shop with id 'x' not found |

Reviewer: Hier muss der Verweis auf die `shopID` hin und evtl. ein Link auf `api_shops.md`.

> | `bad_shop_id`       | if shop id is not present                                                                                       | invalid shop id 'x'        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `bad_shop_id`       | The provided `shopID` is either not present or invalid                                                                                     | invalid shop id 'x'        |
```

| `invalid_cart_item` | if there are problems with cart items the api returns an array of [lineItemErrors](#LineItemError) in `details` |                            |

Example:
```
{
   "type": "shop_not_found",

>    "message": "hop with id 'some-shop' not found"

Reviewer: Da fehlt ein S.
```suggestion
   "message": "Shop with id 'some-shop' not found"
```

}
```

##### LineItemError

> A lineItemError Object looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `LineItemError` gives further information on line item which caused an error.
```

> | Property                | Description                              |

Reviewer: Der Typ sollte dokumentiert werden.

|-------------------------|------------------------------------------|

> | `sku`                   | product sku                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sku`                   | SKU of the affected product                               |
```

| `type`                  | line item error types                    |
| `message`               | further details, depending on error type |

Possible line item error types:

| Type                | Description                                    | Message                       |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|

> | `sale_stop`         | if `saleStop` flag for given product is true   | product is excluded from sale |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sale_stop`         | The product is affected by a sale stop |
```

> | `product_not_found` | product does not exists for project            | product not found             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `product_not_found` | A product with the given SKU does not exist |
```

|-------------------|----------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `sku`             | `string` |         | SKU of the product                                                                                         |
| `amount`          | `int`    |         | Number of products / packages                                                                              |

> | `weight`          | `int`    | 0       | Weight of product in case of a weighable (not packaged) product                                            |

Reviewer: Besser sowas wie "Weight purchased"

> | `weightUnit`      | `string` |         | Unit for weighable item to calculate price                                                                 |

Reviewer: Besser Unit of the weight.

> | `referenceUnit`   | `string` |         | Reference unit for weighable item, e.g. if weightUnit is g referenceUnit is kg                             |

Reviewer: Das ist so schwer zu verstehen. Evtl. sollten wir hier einfach auf https://github.com/snabble/docs/blob/master/api_products.md#weighable-products verweisen.

| `units`           | `int`    | 0       | Number of units in a package in case of bundle or piece product                                            |
| `price`           | `int`    |         | Price of the product for single unit, piece, weightUnit, etc                                               |
| `priceOrigin`     | `string` |         | Origin of the price (`master` price from the products list, `client` the price was provided by the client) |

> | `totalPrice`      | `int`    |         | totalPrice of the product, e.g. amount * price or weight * price                                           |

Reviewer: Besser "Total price of the Line Item". Die Berechnung stimmt so nicht ganz und ich würde diese entfernen.

```
{
    "signedCheckoutInfo" : { .. signedCheckoutInfo .. },
    "paymentMethod": "sepa",

>     "paymentInformation": { .. some information depending on payment method .. }

Reviewer: Das hängt letztlich vom Payment System ab. Theoretisch kann eine Payment Methode viele konkrete Implementierungen haben.

| paymentMethod      | string       |         | A valid payment method                                                                             |
| paymentState       | string       | pending | The [Status of the associated payment process](#payment-state)                                     |
| paymentInformation | object       | nil     | Payment dependent additional information, i.e. a code to present to the user                       |

> | paymentResult      | object       | nil     | [Information from payment gateway](#payment-result), i.e. transaction id, state                    |

Reviewer: Besser Payment System.

* `successful` (terminal state)
* `failed` (terminal state)

### Payment Result

> In case of online payment the gateway will response with additional information like `transfer id`, `transfer date`, `response messages`, `state` etc.

Reviewer: Entweder den Sinn und Zweck besser erklären oder den Absatz streichen. So wiederholt er nur die Aussage von oben.

Price information.

| Parameter          | Type           | Description                                                                                   |
|--------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `tax`              | map[string]int | Mapping of tax rates on the portion of the price                                              |

Reviewer: Das sollte analog zu https://github.com/snabble/docs/blob/master/api_pos_integration.md#checkout-process Dokumentiert werden.

## Create Checkout Process
`POST /{project}/checkout/process`

> Initiate a Checkout Process and starts payment process if all requirements are fulfilled.

Reviewer: Das ist verwirrend.
